# Image Processing Repository

This repository contains code and resources related to image processing tasks. It includes basic morphological operations, templates for Flask application, and dilated and eroded images generated using a web app with Flask.

## Folder Structure

### 1. morphological

This folder contains implementations of basic morphological operations such as erosion, dilation, contouring, etc. It includes both input images and output images generated after applying these operations.

### 2. templates

The templates folder holds all the HTML templates used in the Flask application. These templates define the structure and layout of the web pages served by the Flask app.

### 3. dilated

The dilated folder contains dilated images that have been created using the web application built with Flask. These images represent the results of applying dilation operation on input images through the web interface.

### 4. eroded

The eroded folder includes eroded images generated by the Flask application. Similar to the dilated folder, it contains images resulting from the erosion operation applied to input images using the web interface.

## web app

upload_file.py file is Flask application for uploading images, displaying them, and providing functionality for erosion and dilation operations.
It is connected with html files present in the templates folder. 

## Usage

To use the code and resources in this repository:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/image-processing.git

2. Navigate to the desired folder to access specific resources:

   a. morphological: Contains code for morphological operations.
   
   b. templates: HTML templates for the Flask application.
   
   c. dilated: Dilated images generated by the Flask app.
   
   d. eroded: Eroded images generated by the Flask app.
   

3. Explore the code and resources, and adapt them to your requirements as needed.

## Contributing
Contributions to this repository are welcome. If you'd like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch **(git checkout -b feature/your-feature)**.
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes **(git commit -am 'Add some feature')**.
5. Push to the branch **(git push origin feature/your-feature)**.
6. Create a new Pull Request.
